You can create your own user account in the Werkstatt
that will allow you to save search results
or text views to use again later
or to set the default language for the user interface.
Both of these functions are covered in their own videos.
To set up your user account
click on the "Sign In" link in the navbar.
Then, click on the "Click to Register" link
at the bottom of this page next to "New User?"
On the user registration page
first input your username
and your email
then a password
and then repeat this password
then choose your default language
and click on "Register".
Note that the username and the email address
must be unique.
If another user is using one of these,
then you will get a message
asking you to use a different user name
or a different email address.
Once you have registered your account
you should be able to click on the "Sign In" link
in the navbar,
and here input your username
and your new password
then click on "Sign In" to access your account.
Be sure to watch our other videos
about how to manage and use your new account.